R bindings (#2556)
mlpack/mlpack: HISTORY.md

### mlpack ?.?.?
###### ????-??-??

>   * R-bindings, Add comman striptype function for all bindings, move comman
>     utility function of bindings to bindings/util, rename InformationGain
>     to HoeffdingInformationGain in methods/hoeffding_trees/information_gain.hpp
>     and Add macro for changing stream of printing and warnings/errors (#2556).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added bindings for _R_ during Google Summer of Code (#2556).
  
  * Added common striptype function for all bindings (#2556).
  
  * Refactored common utility function of bindings to bindings/util (#2556).
  
  * Renamed InformationGain to HoeffdingInformationGain in methods/hoeffding_trees/information_gain.hpp (#2556).
  
  * Added macro for changing stream of printing and warnings/errors (#2556).
```

I think these should be broken out more. There is a lot that was done inside of this PR.

Author: Thank you for splitting this. :+1:
